so a question that I get all the time
from clients working in SEO is Brendan
we know you have our SEO covered but
we're thinking of running some ads to
kind of complement that work should we
run Google ads or Facebook ads and if
you've been watching this channel for a
while you know that I'm not a paid
advertising expert so I brought in a
real paid advertising expert not
somebody who just blogs about it or
talks about it or makes videos about it
but somebody who actually does it day in
and day out I'll introduce them here in
a second and if you are new here I'm
Brendan Hufford I've started and sold a
few online businesses I'm the creator of
SEO for the rest of us and I also lead
the SEO team at Directive a search
marketing agency that works with big
brands and enterprise clients like
Allstate Cisco and betterment and I'd
argue that in my day job at Directive
the only thing more impressive than our
SEO team is our PPC team we have some
absolute beefs when it comes to paid
advertising and one of the things that
I've learned in the last four weeks
since I joined directive is to have a
true appreciation for what PPC and what
paid advertising marketers do I always
thought it was like set and forget you
just set up your campaigns that'll let
it run it I couldn't have been more
wrong like its PPC and paid advertising
is in a lot of ways harder than SEO like
if you screw up you'll think you set a
four hundred dollar budget and then you
get an email from Google telling you
that you've just spent $10,000 on ads
like that can happen so today I want to
share with you a short clip just a super
short clip of a long-form interview that
I did with my buddy bill king who runs
SEO but also paid marketing over at drip
and what I love about this clip is that
Bill's actually gonna walk us through
and end how he thinks about Google Ads
versus Facebook Ads let's hear from Bill
is there um and I know this is like
really granular and I'm not trying to
get you to show your hand here but like
is there been a platform that you've
found like to be really successful
whether that's Facebook or Google or
LinkedIn or whatever um yeah I mean
Facebook is like I still think is like
underpriced
for but I don't even know if that's true
I think the I think that they just
better they're better at designing a
product that
gets you the right people hmm so I think
I think that's been the the best source
of our life rum dollars in dollars out
and I don't see that changing anytime
soon and I think like Google is really
it works really well because we a month
in coming here we bought visible which
is basically an attribution tool so
before that it was all last touch so now
we've got this really great rich data of
like how each touch point contributes to
the business and as we're as we're going
up market there's actually more and more
pressure on finding less volume and
higher quality right so when I started
yet literally like within a few months
we're like oh wow we'll start to build
more Enterprise momentum so I think if
you balance the two of those the scale
and like the down funnel high value
maybe higher cost of acquisition I think
that's a good balanced portfolio I just
think it's a it's important to
understand how your business works and
how they evaluate what you do and it's
easy to not think I know the sounds like
crazy but it's easy to think about like
the tactics and like all the inputs but
it's really important to like take a
step back and work with the ops team and
like understand how the how the engine
is running you know I mean so yeah and
especially in the thing this sometimes
I've been learning more and more about
with SAS companies or b2b companies just
understanding like you know is what I'm
doing gonna create a ton of friction
between this is again like last six
months and wrapping my head around like
a sales qualified lead and a marketing
qualified lead is this gonna cause like
me getting a bunch of leads like could
actually cause friction within a company
because it's just as with like who's our
problem yeah so you think you're doing
great and it's like no you didn't put
the right stuff into place to know
exactly how we got these and now it's
messing with everybody's numbers and
yeah people like things you would never
think of you think you're doing a great
job and really like you know Sarah over
here is like well I don't get my freakin
bonus now and I'm pretty sure I closed
all of these and or whatever you know
thinking Konami so art we have an
amazing ops team like really really good
and there's little transparency
removes all ego you possibly could have
and I think like when you work in a
place where there is laser focus on the
desired outcome and they have the triple
o of transparency to have real good
conversations you don't have the the
kind of cloud to like what's the best
decision and that takes a certain level
of like get over it do what's right and
move on to the things that are gonna
have this big the biggest impact that I
personally love that mm-hmm
yeah you feel like you're all kind of on
the same bus different seats same bus
going the same place tell me I want to
have a couple questions about career and
stuff that I'm just fascinated with but
I think like I wanted to touch on SEO
really quickly I want to talk about like
marketing strategy and stuff like so
there you have it one of the things that
I love about this clip from the
interview I did with dill King was that
he talks about you have to understand
actually how your business works in the
valuating what type of paid marketing to
use you have to understand how
end-to-end how the business that you're
operating in or running yourself work so
let me know in the comments below I
would love to hear more about your
business let me know in the comments
below what's worked better for you
Google Ads Facebook Ads maybe something
else some other type of paid advertising
maybe SEO let me know in the comments
below the second biggest point that I
want you to take away is that and this
is something that comes from Bill's
expertise as a professional poker player
for many years you have to spread out
your bets if you're gonna run paid
advertising you have to spread out your
bets you have to have a balanced
portfolio now when you're scrolling down
into the comments to leave a comment
letting me know what's working best for
you also make sure you check out the
description where I have a playlist with
the rest of the interview clips that I
did with bill a second playlist of all
of the PPC and paid advertising content
on this channel is in a playlist in the
description below last quick note if you
or your company is creating any sort of
videos or podcasts like this like what I
do with SEO for the rest of us in a
hundred days of SEO specifically make
sure you check out pawed Reacher comm
Jackie and her team or who I work with
personally to take all of my video
content all of my podcast content and
turn it into you know really search
intent-based sometimes long for
content that goes on hundred days of
seo.com so we can start pulling in that
organic search traffic from Google as
well again don't forget to leave me a
comment below let me know what's working
best for you Google Ads Facebook Ads
maybe something else and either a mix of
both let me know in the comments below
I've been Brendon Hufford don't forget
to work hard be nice people and don't
get too lost trying to create something
that matters
[Music]